FYP - Personal Diary
Min San 6213558

Week 1
Project Phase: Research
Started research on market (linkedin, etc.), database and system design and software development methodologies. 

Week 2
Project Phase: Research
Continued research on week 1 and started to document the results of my research to be used in the project proposal. Started discussing ideas and what language and tools we would use in preparation for next phase. Setup scrum board on Trello. Product discussion 

Week 3
Project Phase: Analysis
Define and gather project technical scope and requirements with the group, Design and requirements review with the group. Some of technical scopes include what software we would use for frontend, backend, database and cloud. Continue to work on scrum board.

Week 4
Project Phase: Analysis
Continue to learn and explore AWS. Started learning node.js to be used in backend. I did some research on the components required to integrate frontend and backend together. 

Week 5
Project Phase: Analysis
Learning and exploring node.js and how to use it as a backend. Discuss and review on use-case scenarios and diagrams of the project. Preparations for the submission of project proposal.

Week 6
Project Phase: Analysis
Started coding the basics building blocks for backend using node.js, such as setting up the ports and configurations, etc. Started research on how to connect node.js to MySQL database.

Week 7 
Project Phase: Analysis
Research on how we can integrate our project onto AWS. Started setting up AWS (EC2) to be used by the project. Discuss what we have learned, node.js, react, etc.

Week 8
Project Phase: Design
Continue work on configuration management for the backend and cloud portion of the project that I started in week 6. I worked on connecting login page to backend and database so that the members can use it for their pages.

Week 9
Project Phase: Development of prototype
I continued coding on node.js for our project’s backend piece and shared the group on how they can run it on their computers. For now, our project’s home page on cloud will be showing a countdown timer, counting down to the submission date. 

Week 10
Project Phase: Development of prototype
Discussion on requirements and work to be done in preparation for submission and presentation. Created database and tables just for login page on our AWS. Get the login page running on AWS.

Week 11
Project Phase: Development of prototype
Continue work on coding node.js end point for creating new users. Preparing slides for presentation. 

Week 11

Continue work on coding node.js endpoint for creating new users. Preparing slides for presentation.

Week 12
I started to shift my focus on creating endpoints for students because there is much work to be done there. I wrote the basic endpoints that I thought would need such as GET and POST to get, create and update student particulars.

Week 13
Restructuring project files for backend and writing sql connection pool script to be used by other backend files. Shifted my focus to work more on database side. 

Week 14
Continued code restructure from week 13 and database work for students. Began to integrate frontend and backend. Did some research and testing on MySQL equivalent of ROW_NUMBER() (Microsoft SQL Server) because ROW_NUMBER() does not exist in MySQL.

Week 15
Updated server config file to point to the newly setup AWS RDS. I saw some sample dummy data that front end guys are using for student so I decided to make changes and add more endpoints to cater to that.

Week 16
Continued more work on student backend endpoints. I found that the work I did on week 15 for students is not what the frontend requires so I had to change the way I send back get calls and the way I retrieve values from body in POST to be used to create or update entries.

Week 17
I did research on how to do file uploading in Node.js and MySQL. I continued more work on other student details and changed some of the POST endpoints to PUT and added new DELETE endpoints. 

Week 18
Worked on uploading and retrieving files (image and pdf files) through Node.js. Continued code work from week 17. Testing, debugging and polishing the existing endpoints as some of them would cause some crashes. Communicating and working together with team members (mainly Siddarth and Min Marn Oo) to close up the gaps and issues between frontend and backend connections.

Week 19
Fixed crashes that is caused by student endpoints.Continued testing, debugging and polishing the application. Continued to communicate and work together with frontend guys (mainly Siddarth) to close up the gaps and issues between frontend and backend connections.


