13th July Week
After FYP lecture 1, I met up with my new group mates. As the grouping was randomly allocated, we have not met each other before. After some self-introduction, we managed to learn more about each other and the respective areas of expertise. It was interesting for me to meet new people and I was excited to learn more from them in terms of coding and the IT industry as all of them had prior IT background and some of them are currently pursuing a career in the IT industry. After the introductory session, we began to sit down and discuss what languages and software to use for the project. We came out with lots of different possible solutions and agreed that we should all proceed to perform more research on our proposed solutions before our next meeting. 

18th July Week
After giving everyone of us sufficient time to research, we arranged for an online discussion to finalise on the main structure for our FYP. Through the online discussion, we manage to decide on the software and coding language for the project. We have decided that we will be using React.js, html, CSS and AWS to do the FYP project. Furthermore, we also see the importance of a better and deeper understanding of the different job portals are currently in the market. Hence, we allocated the tasks of researching on different job portals. This allows for more effective research as we can gather more insights from more job portals instead of all of us focusing on the same portal. I was tasked to research on jobsdb and randstad.

27th July Week
We had a physical meetup at SIM. As during our online discussion, we allocated the task of researching on different job portals, we were each tasked to write a proposal report on the job portal we have researched on. The proposal report i have prepared is for jobsdb. This proposal report allow us to exchange the key information and details of the respective job portal with each other in an efficient manner. Furthermore, it also highlights the key similarities and/or differences the current job portals have. 

2nd Aug Week
We had an online discussion on the different UML we need for the proposal report. We needed Use Case Diagram, Use Case Specification, Sequence Diagram, Activity Diagram, Activity Diagram Spec. I was tasked to do the activity diagram.

8th Aug Week
We met up and discussed the ideas of how our prototype should look like based on the diagrams we have done up for our proposal report.

17th Aug Week
We finalised the proposal report with all our findings and researched and compiled everything into the proposal report. Everyone was told to give the compiled proposal report a check. Upon checking and finalising that no more edits are required, our group leader then proceed to submit the proposal report online. 

20th Aug Week
We had a meeting to discuss the subgroup for our prototype, like how each pages should be a link to each other and what features should each different user have and we came to a conclusion on how it should look like.

31th Aug Week
We discussed what we’ve learned online regarding the implementation of react.js and AWS and shared the different learning materials that we found useful to each other hoping it would help all of us. As everyone of us in the group will be having exams soon, we agreed that we will postpone our FYP meetings until the end of everyone’s exam. 

6th Sept Week
We had an online meeting and discussed our plans for the upcoming submission. We split the group work of doing a respective user UI. I was assigned to do the prototype design of the admin UI. Our task was to draw out different UI design and bring together at our physical meeting next week.

14th Sept Week
We met up and presented our different designed UI and provided our opinions to each other on which we think is a better design. I had two different designs with the navigation bar, one was on the side, and one was on the top. Based on my group mate opinions, the top one was better looking and I went ahead to start the prototyping on that designing.

21th Sept Week
We had an online discussion and presented our design that has been done up so far and gave opinions to each other on what can be improved. My admin UI was lacking in terms of aesthetic features and i was told that it will be better if i can make it look more aesthetically pleasing with colours and background images.

27th Sept Week
I learned with online materials and edited my admin UI prototype with colours and images to make it look much more aesthetic. I also updated my Admin UI parts into the technical and user manual reports and created the presentation slides for my parts.
